[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying
the day and what a night of live
we had yesterday a
completely unexpected surprise
appears in the chat Raquel
Bollo herself and calls us and enters in the middle of the
live show I do
n't have many more surprises prepared do
n't worry the only thing I want is for you to
support all the videos all the
live shows by liking and subscribing and
well to start off I'm telling you that tomorrow
night at 11
we have a very special live show that we're
going to prepare very powerfully and
then later a live show with Maika Vasco okay we're
going to cover
the subject of Paz Padilla a lot and in depth
I want to tell you that this audio
that I'm going to put here in this video is
completely crazy crazy this
audio is going very viral on the
internet and it's an audio from none other
than Andrés Caparrós the father of
Alonso a worker and collaborator of
'Sálvame'
this man well he
has given free rein and free rein to his
freedom of expression and he has opened
up and is giving his opinion quite strongly
about Fidel about  Rocio Carrasco and has
a poisoned dart a harsh criticism
of the permissive who are the
champions not the Campos the Campos
Carlota Correderas and others I leave you with
the audio that lasts about 7 minutes and
I want you to pay close attention and not
miss a detail okay I
understand what she's doing and I don't
understand
how Maria Teresa Campos and how
they defend so much they
define Rocio Carrasco so much
and no
and not valuing things also seem
fundamental in this whole story
first
that Rocio Carrasco's husband Fidel
Albiac
you must be aware I suppose you are
aware
of Rocio Carrasco being
a vulnerable person
is what I think
and being a specialist in psychology or in
SICAV in psychiatry
is what I deduce from her behavior
now and always
every time I see her on television
every time she has
spoken on television it has
seemed obvious to me she
does
the level of reasoning
that you have to have
to go out and talk about someone
like her daughter
especially like her daughter because
putting your ex in a bad light there is
weaponry
I think you have
given rise  and you're giving
your daughter your children the chance to suffer so much
with that refusal to talk to them
and any argument
any defense that can be made
of a mother
lets time and time pass and
more time and more time
and closes the doors to the reunion and
abandons the reconquest
of the
love of her daughter of the
and the closeness of her daughter of the hug of
her daughter
because when she was 14 or 15 years old she
abused her a
mother forgives those things
of an adolescent island
nothing that can be said is worthless to me
and if a son or grandson brings suffering
I'm not going to say it
what does it matter how much he gives a hug when he
looks you in the eyes it ca
n't be delayed it can't be
delayed Rocío Carrasco
and it can't be allowed if it were
true which I haven't seen or
heard
that your brothers because your mother
and your stepfather
wanted to have two more children it ca
n't be allowed that your partner
called them if it's true if
supposedly that's what is said
immigrants
not to your brothers but immigrants
this fills me
I'm going to continue talking about this
and I know that by saying  what you think what I
feel
anyway maybe save me they
spoke to me some comment
I show the anger for example
Carlos to Corredera
such a faithful defender
and who justifies absolutely everything everything
everything that is what he has been
for years and years in behavior
from my point of view questionable of
a mother
Tricio Tabasco but well the fact is that she has
been living
and my daughter Rosa
/ Rosa is a sergeant by the way
dad
I'm trembling
but they arrived the daughter of a daughter arrived
and she was a son and what happens what happens by
god
or what lights up your step a
lump of pride in your chest and
affection and love how can you live without
that
how can you live without that I feel the
rest in this quote but without that what is
that scene the mother and the children
how can you consent for so long without
the depth the
enormous
endearing and incomparable emotion of a hug and
a kiss from a daughter of Unido
who treated you badly shelter because it happened
well what did you think I told you
that it was going to leave us indifferent I want I
want you to comment on it and I want him to
leave it in the box of  comment
our most sincere opinion really you
know you don't have mental problems
don't be disrespectful you can let go do you
think I could have retaliation look
what I thought Alonso himself because of the
father's words because I
see these people capable of anything
no family I will be reading you don't forget to
share the video in your
joke groups in your Facebook group and in
all the places where you are gossiping
or watch for a while and I send you a huge hug
[Music]